ha I'm gonna beat you next year what do
you gotta say about that stop it
welcome to the Thursday Wilson take one
show my name is Lamar Ian first up in
today's tech news Eric Schmidt the
chairman at Google made a declaration at
the live web covenants in Billy's yeah
my French isn't that good I'll just
stick to french fries which aren't
really French they're Belgium but I'm
still gonna stick to one cuz cuz I like
them but I'd digest I mean digress so
Smith was rambling on about how apps are
written for iOS first and then he made
the startling revelation he said that my
prediction is six months from now you'll
say the opposite
now once everybody in the crowd looked
up from the iPads and their iPhones he
then said that Android being open meant
that it would have volume on its side
the more manufacturers and more
developers would develop for it and
it'll get bigger than iOS la blah blah
okay now here's my personal point of
view on this duh listen there are dozens
if not hundreds of different Android
phones and devices out there you better
be beating I always say I only have a
few models I don't get why Android
fanboys think this is some victory this
is what Android is supposed to be doing
if you can't beat a few versions of the
iPhone and iPad with your phone a
weekend's have little more strategy
didn't you suck I can't see how someone
could possibly refute what I said but
there's gonna be people trying to do it
so say hey bring it on bring on your
droids and your applesauce now in news
that just hit the web today
Twitter has released a new iteration of
itself and man does it look good now
first would be the home section here you
can view tweets from people you follow
the web will have a new format of easy
to access features on a Left panel it's
all around more user friendly and then
there's of course the X section now this
of course has ever applies but also my
favorite edition you can see when
someone has followed you and if it was a
group of people let's say like six
people it'll show them in one mention
and you can click to see that list of
six people and I really love that now
another great features to see whenever
someone retweets you or even a favorite
one of your tweets this was always hard
to do especially using an official
mobile app so I'm glad they make this
easier and it's right in the timeline
and now hashtags yes we talked about how
I hate hashtags yesterday but this
actually makes it kind of useful for
finding stories and news so you into
that aspect of it then yeah it's cool
and finally the all about you section
and of course this is your profile your
list your favorites you can see your
followers photos and of course access
your direct messages now of course the
purpose of this is to make mobile
Desktop you know consistent and in my
opinion they nail it there's a synergy
that really works great here now if you
download the app for iOS so for Android
you can get it right now and on the web
you'll have early access today whenever
they decide to flip the switch which
could be today check it out I'm very
impressed now yesterday we talked about
Netflix and now we hear that Verizon is
gonna make their own version of Netflix
but then more news came out and confirm
this but said that they're gonna
actually partner with Redbox you know
those people have the kiosks that are
sitting in front of grocery stores so
the base is gonna be the back in a red
box for streaming service now that
sounds all good enough but I've always
been wary of service providers doing
something like this there always seems
to be restrictions like you gotta be
under verizon network you know how they
do with that NFL app I could easily see
Verizon doing this restricting this to
only their customers and really not
making it a good deal so we'll just have
to stay tuned to see how that plays out
but if you do that Verizon now straight
to the moon I watch too much
black-and-white TV and it's sad news for
nintendo fans the creator of super mario
brothers and legend of zelda Miyamoto
well she's retired yes at age 59 he's
decided to hang up his main game but not
all his loss he plans to stay on to work
on smaller more personal projects but
this guy made gaming what it is today
and I really salute him for all his work
no jokes at all Miyamoto is the man so
go find him to timber cartridge and blow
into it in his honor I said there'll be
no jokes on that
and finally Apple releases top 2011 list
of top downloads from iTunes I'll flash
the screenshot but I'll just highlight
one from each category music artist of
the year goes to Adele looks like she's
rolling in the cash now you see what I
did there
TV shows best breakout coming he goes to
Parks and Recreation and I so agree I
love that show Ron Swanson is the man
and the movies category best blockbuster
was the last Harry Potter movie hey I
can see you nerds grinning you stop that
in the App Store the best iPhone app was
Instagram oh good lord
really wannabe vintage photos oh I'm
gonna be sick now the books category
I'll recognize any of these but the best
teen novel was between shades of grey
you know much like the YouTube layout I
hope you appreciate what I had to do
there to make that relevant and finally
in podcast the best audio podcast goes
to our friends at Epic Meal Time
now here's what I don't get it's clearly
a video show and even says HD right
there how do you get best audio podcast
where's
I plugged in stupid bacon lovers just
kidding I'm kind of scared of those guys
so don't don't tell them what I said
they want audio they can have it so
those are the stories for today be sure
to check out today's feature length from
Gamefly and I thought those are
appropriate saying we were talking about
its end oh you can get a two week free
trial to rent video games by mail and I
have to say it's a good service I have
to than I picking up today from my
mailbox today's gamefly.com slash wilson
and thanks for your support so here's
the question of the day what was your
favorite movie TV show app book or
podcast of 2011 leave a comment below
and if you like my show go ahead and
click that like button to show me that
you love me share this video and if you
new here subscribe so my daily show
would be awesome so thanks for watching
I'll see you tomorrow and it's all then
at the LeWeb a pity it's a me Mario yeah
I'm gonna get it for that wiil s so and
tech 1 this is the vlog that's so much
dark fun for current events are second
to none subscribe now to Wilson tech 1
broke my phone